Gradle running on OpenJDK8.

This image provides:
  * SHA256 check of the downloaded gradle artifact
  * caching of the dependencies downloaded during the first build
  * option to run the build with a given user instead of `root`

### TL;DR

```
docker run --rm -v `pwd`:/project -u `id -u`:`id -g` metahelicase/gradle build
```

### Building a gradle project

The container's arguments are directly passed to gradle.
When no argument is specified, the container runs gradle with `--version`.

The container requires that the project folder is mounted to the `/project` volume.
This can be achieved by running

```
docker run --rm -v /home/myself/projects/myproject:/project metahelicase/gradle build
```

or if you are inside the project folder

```
docker run --rm -v `pwd`:/project metahelicase/gradle build
```

### Building as the host user

When running gradle inside the container, the build artifacts are generated by the container's user, which is `root` by default.
After the build you may find that your `build` folder and the files inside it are owned by `root`.
This may be not a problem when running the container on a CI server, but when using it during development you may have to use `chown` to restore the files' ownership.

Docker provides the `-u` option, which can be used to run a container with a different user id and group id.
The generated build artifacts are owned by the user declared by the `-u` option.
The user id and group id must be numbers, not the names that identify them.
If not specified, the default user is `0:0` (`root`).

You can find out which user id and group id you have by running

```
id -u
id -g
```

The project build can be run as the host user with

```
docker run --rm -v `pwd`:/project -u `id -u`:`id -g` metahelicase/gradle build
```

### Dependency cache

The project dependencies are stored under the project folder, inside the `.gradle/caches` directory.
After the first build, gradle uses the stored dependencies instead of downloading them again.
